docs: Add developers guide page about BPF testing framework (#20165)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/contributing/testing/bpf.rst

.. only:: not (epub or latex or html)

    WARNING: You are looking at unreleased Cilium documentation.
    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

.. _bpf_testing:

********************************
BPF unit and integration testing
********************************

Our BPF data-path has it own test framework which allows us to write unit and integration tests that 
verify that our BPF code works as intended independently from the other Cilium components. The 
framework uses the ``BPF_PROG_RUN`` feature to run eBPF program in the kernel without attaching

> them to actual hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our BPF datapath has its own test framework, which allows us to write unit and integration tests that 
verify that our BPF code works as intended, independently from the other Cilium components. The 
framework uses the ``BPF_PROG_RUN`` feature to run eBPF programs in the kernel without attaching
them to actual hooks.
```

The framework is designed to allow developers, working on the data-path to quickly write tests
for the code they are working on. The tests themselves are fully written in C to minimize context
switching. Tests pass results back to the framework which will output the results in Go test output,

> for optimal integration with CIs and other tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The framework is designed to allow datapath developers to quickly write tests
for the code they are working on. The tests themselves are fully written in C to minimize context
switching. Tests pass results back to the framework which outputs the results in Go test format,
for optimal integration with CI and other tools.
```

Running tests
=============

> To run the test in your local environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests in your local environment:
```

.. code-block:: shell-session

    $ make -C test run_bpf_tests

> The output is verbose by default. Verbose mode can be disabled with the ``V`` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output is verbose by default. Verbose mode can be disabled by setting the ``V`` option to ``0``:
```

.. code-block:: shell-session

    $ make -C test run_bpf_tests V=0

> .. note:: Running BPF tests only works on Linux machines and require sudo access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    Running BPF tests only works on Linux machines and requires admin privileges.
```

Writing tests
=============

All BPF tests live in the ``bpf/tests`` directory. All ``.c`` files in this directory are assumed to
contain BPF test programs which can be independently compiled, loaded and executed using 
``BPF_PROG_RUN``. All files in this directory are automatically picked up, so all you have to do is 
create a new ``.c`` file and start writing. All other files like ``.h`` files are ignored and can be

> used for shared code for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All BPF tests live in the ``bpf/tests`` directory. All ``.c`` files in this directory are assumed to
contain BPF test programs which can be independently compiled, loaded, and executed using 
``BPF_PROG_RUN``. All files in this directory are automatically picked up, so all you have to do is 
create a new ``.c`` file and start writing. All other files like ``.h`` files are ignored and can be
used for sharing code for example.
```

Each ``.c`` file must at least has one ``CHECK`` program. The ``CHECK`` macro replaces the ``SEC`` which is
typically used on BPF programs. The ``CHECK`` macro takes two argument, the first being the program
type(for example ``xdp`` or ``tc``. `link <https://github.com/cilium/ebpf/blob/49ebb13083886fc350167f2cde067e094a2b5037/elf_reader.go#L1074>`_),
the second is the name of the test which will appear in the output. All macros are defined in 

> ``bpf/tests/common.h``, all programs should start by including it: ``#include "common.h"``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each ``.c`` file must at least have one ``CHECK`` program. The ``CHECK`` macro replaces ``SEC`` which is
typically used in BPF programs. The ``CHECK`` macro takes two arguments, the first being the program
type (for example ``xdp`` or ``tc``, see `the list of recognized types in the Go library <https://github.com/cilium/ebpf/blob/49ebb13083886fc350167f2cde067e094a2b5037/elf_reader.go#L1074>`__),
the second being name of the test which will appear in the output. All macros are defined in 
``bpf/tests/common.h`` so all programs should start by including this file: ``#include "common.h"``
```

.. code-block:: c
    
    #include "common.h"

    CHECK("xdp", "nodeport-lb4")

>     int nodeportLB4(struct __ctx_buff *ctx)

Reviewer: Does the function name have any significance? (If not, it might still be worth mentioning it.)

Author: I updated the docs to explain this better

    {
	    test_init();

>         /* perform setup some conditions */

Reviewer: This needs to be rephrased. “setup the test”? “ensure preconditions are met”?

        /* call the functions you would like to test */
        /* check that everything works as expected */
        
        test_finish();
    }

> Each ``CHECK`` program should start with ``test_init()`` and end with ``test_finish()``, ``CHECK`` programs

Reviewer: > ```
> Each ``CHECK`` program should start with ``test_init()`` and end with ``test_finish()``
> ```

I'd move this above the example, it's part of the requirements along with the `CHECK` macro. Maybe worth giving a sentence on what these functions do? [Edit: Or linking to the function reference section]

By the way what happens if the functions are missing from the test? Is the framework able to detect it early and avoid running the programs?

will return implicitly with the result of the test. A test is will PASS by default unless it is 

> marked as failed or skipped.

Reviewer: This paragraph needs some clarification.

> will return implicitly with the result of the test.

Sorry, not clear what this means?

> A test is will PASS by default unless it is marked as failed or skipped.

Also not clear. What do you mean “by default”? It should PASS or FAIL depending on the result of the test, or be marked as skipped? (And can the framework decide to skip it, or is it only if the test is marked as skipped beforehand?) Or am I missing something?

Sub-tests
---------

> Each ``CHECK`` program may contain sub-tests, each of which have their own test status. A sub-test is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each ``CHECK`` program may contain sub-tests, each of which has its own test status. A sub-test is
```

created with the ``TEST`` macro like so:

.. code-block:: c

    #include "common.h"

    #include <bpf/ctx/xdp.h>
    #include <lib/jhash.h>
    #include "bpf/section.h"

    CHECK("xdp", "jhash")
    int bpf_test(__maybe_unused struct xdp_md *ctx)
    {
        test_init();

        TEST("Non-zero", {
            unsigned int hash = jhash_3words(123, 234, 345, 456);

            if (hash != 2698615579)
                test_fatal("expected '2698615579' got '%lu'", hash);
        });

        TEST("Zero", {
            unsigned int hash = jhash_3words(0, 0, 0, 0);

            if (hash != 459859287)
                test_fatal("expected '459859287' got '%lu'", hash);
        });

        test_finish();
    }

> Since all sub-tests are part of the same BPF program they are executed all at once and can share

Reviewer: “all at once” reads like “in parallel”. Not sure how to improve it. “All during the same run”, “all consecutively”, ... something else?

the same setup code which can improve run speed and reduce code duplication. Since each tests has

> a name it serves to self-document, and makes it easier to spot what part of a test fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the same setup code which can improve run speed and reduce code duplication. The name passed to the ``TEST`` macro for each sub-test serves to self-document the steps and makes it easier to spot what part of a test fails.
```

Integration tests
-----------------

Writing tests for a single function or small group of functions should be fairly straightforward, 
only requiring a ``CHECK`` program. Testing functionality across tail calls requires an additional step,
Since we will not return to the ``CHECK`` function after making a tail call, we can't check if it was

> successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Writing tests for a single function or small group of functions should be fairly straightforward, 
only requiring a ``CHECK`` program. Testing functionality across tail calls requires an additional step: given that the program does not return to the ``CHECK`` function after making a tail call, we can't check whether it was
successful.
```

The fix is to use a ``SETUP`` program in addition to a ``CHECK`` program. ``SETUP`` programs with the same

> name will run before the ``CHECK`` program. The context, modified by ``SETUP`` is then passed to ``CHECK``

Reviewer: With the same name as what? Several `SETUP` programs with the same name?

```suggestion
The workaround is to use a ``SETUP`` program in addition to a ``CHECK`` program. A ``SETUP`` program will run before the ``CHECK`` program with the same name. The context, modified by ``SETUP`` is then passed to ``CHECK``
```

> which can inspect the result. By executing the test setup and executing the tail call in ``SETUP`` 

Reviewer: Maybe expand a little here?

```suggestion
name will run before the ``CHECK`` program. The BPF context (for example the ``struct __sk_buff`` for TC programs), modified by the ``SETUP`` program, is then passed to the ``CHECK`` program,
which can inspect the result. By executing the test setup and executing the tail call in ``SETUP`` 
```

we can execute complete programs. The return code of the ``SETUP`` program is prefixed as ``u32`` to

> the start of the packet data passed to ``CHECK``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we can execute complete programs. The return code of the ``SETUP`` program is prepended as a ``u32`` to
the start of the packet data passed to ``CHECK``, meaning that the ``CHECK`` program will find the actual packet data at ``(void *)data + 4``. 
```

> This is a abbreviated example showing the key components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an abbreviated example showing the key components:
```

.. code-block:: c
    
    #include "common.h"

    #include "bpf/ctx/xdp.h"
    #include "bpf_xdp.c"

    struct {
        __uint(type, BPF_MAP_TYPE_PROG_ARRAY);
        __uint(key_size, sizeof(__u32));
        __uint(max_entries, 2);
        __array(values, int());
    } entry_call_map __section(".maps") = {
        .values = {
            [0] = &bpf_xdp_entry,
        },
    };

    SETUP("xdp", "l2_example")
    int test1_setup(struct __ctx_buff *ctx)
    {
        /* Create room for our packet to be crafted */
        unsigned int data_len = ctx->data_end - ctx->data;
        int offset = offset = sizeof(struct ethhdr) - data_len;
        bpf_xdp_adjust_tail(ctx, offset);

        void *data = (void *)(long)ctx->data;

>         void *data_end = (void *)(long)ctx->data_end;

Reviewer: Should there be a macro or helper to help doing this?

Author: I don't think we have one at the moment. But it does seem like a improvement, would be nice to be able to just set a target packet size instead of having to calculate a relative change. But we will first have to change the code before we can put it in the docs.

        if (data + sizeof(struct ethhdr) > data_end)
            return TEST_ERROR;

        /* Writing just the L2 header for brevity */
        struct ethhdr l2 = {
            .h_source = {0xAA, 0xBB, 0xCC, 0xDD, 0xEE, 0xFF},
            .h_dest = {0x12, 0x23, 0x34, 0x45, 0x56, 0x67},
            .h_proto = bpf_htons(ETH_P_IP)
        };
        memcpy(data, &l2, sizeof(struct ethhdr));
       
        /* OMITTED setting up map state */

>         /* Jump into the entrypoint */

Reviewer: Who stores the result from the first program at the beginning of the packet, is it part of the `SETUP` macro? If not, should it appear here at least as a comment?

Author: The framework does this in Go outside of the program itself. When the SETUP program ends the result is not yet prepended, that happens in between `BPF_TEST_RUN` calls.

        tail_call_static(ctx, &entry_call_map, 0);
        /* Fail if we didn't jump */
        return TEST_ERROR;
    }

    CHECK("xdp", "l2_example")
    int test1_check(__maybe_unused const struct __ctx_buff *ctx)
    {
        test_init();

        void *data = (void *)(long)ctx->data;
        void *data_end = (void *)(long)ctx->data_end;

        if (data + sizeof(__u32) > data_end)
            test_fatal("status code out of bounds");

        __u32 *status_code = data;

        if (*status_code != XDP_TX)
            test_fatal("status code != XDP_TX");

>         data += sizeof(__u32);

Reviewer: All of this could maybe go into a helper function too? `setup_assert_status(XDP_TX)` which would also add the offset to `data`? I don't know

Author: It is something we can improve on, perhaps define a custom ctx type and helpers. But we have to account for the changes between `xdp_md` and `__sk_buff`. It is something to be discussed for the next iteration of the framework.

        if (data + sizeof(struct ethhdr) > data_end)
            test_fatal("ctx doesn't fit ethhdr");

        struct ethhdr *l2 = data;

        data += sizeof(struct ethhdr);

>         if (memcmp(l2->h_source, fib_smac, sizeof(fib_smac)) != 0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        if (memcmp(l2->h_source, fib_smac, sizeof(fib_smac)))
```

            test_fatal("l2->h_source != fib_smac");

>         if (memcmp(l2->h_dest, fib_dmac, sizeof(fib_dmac)) != 0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        if (memcmp(l2->h_dest, fib_dmac, sizeof(fib_dmac)))
```

            test_fatal("l2->h_dest != fib_dmac");

        if (data + sizeof(struct iphdr) > data_end)
            test_fatal("ctx doesn't fit iphdr");

        test_finish();
    }

Function reference
------------------

> * ``test_log(fmt, args...)`` - will write a log message. The conversion specifiers supported by *fmt* are the same as for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``test_log(fmt, args...)`` - writes a log message. The conversion specifiers supported by *fmt* are the same as for
```

  ``bpf_trace_printk()``. They are **%d**, **%i**, **%u**, **%x**, **%ld**, **%li**, **%lu**, **%lx**, **%lld**, **%lli**, 
  **%llu**, **%llx**. No modifier (size of field, padding with zeroes, etc.) is available.

* ``test_fail()`` - marks the current test or sub-test as failed but will continue execution.

* ``test_fail_now()`` - marks the current test or sub-test as failed and will stop execution of the 

>   test or sub-test (If called in a sub-tests, the other sub-tests will still run).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  test or sub-test (If called in a sub-test, the other sub-tests will still run).
```

* ``test_fatal(fmt, args...)`` - writes a log and then calls ``test_fail_now()``

> * ``assert(stmt)`` - asserts that the statement within is true and will ``test_fail_now()`` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``assert(stmt)`` - asserts that the statement within is true and calls ``test_fail_now()`` otherwise.
```

>   Assert will log the file and line number of the assert statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``assert`` will log the file and line number of the assert statement.
```

* ``test_skip()`` - marks the current test or sub-test as skipped but will continue execution.

* ``test_skip_now()`` - marks the current test or sub-test as skipped and will stop execution of the 

>   test or sub-test (If called in a sub-tests, the other sub-tests will still run).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  test or sub-test (If called in a sub-test, the other sub-tests will still run).
```

> * ``test_init()`` - this function initializes internal state and must be called before any of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``test_init()`` - initializes the internal state for the test and must be called before any of the 
```

  functions above can be called.

> * ``test_finish()`` - this function submits the results and returns from the current function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``test_finish()`` - submits the results and returns from the current function.
```

Function mocking
----------------

Being able to mock out a function is a great tool to have when creating tests for a number of 

> reasons. You might for example want to tests what happens if a specific function returns an error 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reasons. You might for example want to test what happens if a specific function returns an error 
```

to see if it is handled gracefully. You might want to proxy function calls to record if the function
under test actually called specific dependencies. Or you might want to test code that uses helpers

> which rely on state we can't set in BPF like the routing table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which rely on a state we can't set in BPF, like the routing table.
```

> Mocking is a fairy easy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mocking is easy with this framework:
```

> 1. Create a macro with the exact same name and make it equal to another function name.

Reviewer: Not clear. Same name as what? How do you make a macro equal to a function name?

Maybe swap with step 2., and something like “Create a ``#define`` macro named like the original function to replace, but pointing to the newly defined function from step 1.”?

mocked version, since we don't actually have routes for the IPs we want to test:

.. code-block:: c

    #include "common.h"

    #include "bpf/ctx/xdp.h"

    #define fib_lookup mock_fib_lookup

    static const char fib_smac[6] = {0xDE, 0xAD, 0xBE, 0xEF, 0x01, 0x02};
    static const char fib_dmac[6] = {0x13, 0x37, 0x13, 0x37, 0x13, 0x37};

    long mock_fib_lookup(__maybe_unused void *ctx, struct bpf_fib_lookup *params,
                __maybe_unused int plen, __maybe_unused __u32 flags)
    {
        memcpy(params->smac, fib_smac, sizeof(fib_smac));
        memcpy(params->dmac, fib_dmac, sizeof(fib_dmac));
        return 0;
    }

    #include "bpf_xdp.c"
    #include "lib/nodeport.h"

Limitations
-----------

For all its benefits there are some limitations to this way of testing:

* Code must pass the verifier, so our setup and test code has to obey the same rules as other BPF
  programs. A side effect is that it automatically guarantees that all code that passes will also
  load. The biggest concern is the complexity limit on older kernels, this can be somewhat mitigated
  by separating heavy setup work into its own ``SETUP`` program and optionally tail calling into the 

>   to be tested code to ensure the testing harness doesn't push us over the complexity limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  code to be tested, to ensure the testing harness doesn't push us over the complexity limit.
```

* Test functions like ``test_log()``, ``test_fail()``, ``test_skip()`` can only be executed within the 

>   scope of the main program or a ``TEST``. These function rely on variables set by ``test_init()`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  scope of the main program or a ``TEST``. These functions rely on variables set by ``test_init()`` and
```

>   will produce errors when used in other functions. 

Reviewer: This limitation should likely be mentioned in the function reference as well.

> * Functions that stop execution(``test_fail_now()``, ``test_fatal()``, ``test_skip_now()``) can't be
>   used within a sub-test(``TEST``) and ``for``, ``while``, or ``select`` since it used ``break`` to stop a
>   sub-test. These functions can still be used from within ``for``, ``while`` and ``select`` if no 
>   sub-tests are used since here the flow interruption happens via ``return``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Functions that halt the execution (``test_fail_now()``, ``test_fatal()``, ``test_skip_now()``) can't be
  used within a sub-test (``TEST``) and ``for``, ``while``, or ``switch/case`` blocks since they use the ``break`` keyword to stop a
  sub-test. These functions can still be used from within ``for``, ``while`` and ``switch/case`` blocks if no 
  sub-tests are used, because in that case the flow interruption happens via ``return``.
```

>   sub-tests are used since here the flow interruption happens via ``return``.

Reviewer: This is also something that could be mentioned in the function reference.

.. only:: not (epub or latex or html)

    WARNING: You are looking at unreleased Cilium documentation.
    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

.. _bpf_testing:

********************************
BPF unit and integration testing
********************************

Our BPF datapath has its own test framework, which allows us to write unit and integration tests that 
verify that our BPF code works as intended, independently from the other Cilium components. The 
framework uses the ``BPF_PROG_RUN`` feature to run eBPF programs in the kernel without attaching
them to actual hooks.

The framework is designed to allow datapath developers to quickly write tests
for the code they are working on. The tests themselves are fully written in C to minimize context
switching. Tests pass results back to the framework which will outputs the results in Go test output,
for optimal integration with CI and other tools.

Running tests
=============

To run the tests in your local environment:

.. code-block:: shell-session

>     $ make -C test run_bpf_tests

Reviewer 2: Can you specify that the command needs to be run from the cilium root? I had to look up the Makefile target before I was able to run it successfully.

Author: I updated the docs to make this more clear

The output is verbose by default. Verbose mode can be disabled by setting the ``V`` option to ``0``:

.. code-block:: shell-session

    $ make -C test run_bpf_tests V=0

.. note:: 

>      Running BPF tests only works on Linux machines and requires admin privileges.

Reviewer 2: >and requires admin privileges.

In what sense? I was able to trigger the tests without `sudo`.

Author: The makefile uses `sudo` internally, so it may prompt for credentials. Also clarified the docs.

Writing tests
=============

All BPF tests live in the ``bpf/tests`` directory. All ``.c`` files in this directory are assumed to
contain BPF test programs which can be independently compiled, loaded, and executed using 
``BPF_PROG_RUN``. All files in this directory are automatically picked up, so all you have to do is 
create a new ``.c`` file and start writing. All other files like ``.h`` files are ignored and can be
used for sharing code for example.

Each ``.c`` file must at least have one ``CHECK`` program. The ``CHECK`` macro replaces the ``SEC`` which is
typically used in BPF programs. The ``CHECK`` macro takes two arguments, the first being the program

> type(for example ``xdp`` or ``tc``. See `the list of recognized types in the Go library

Reviewer: Third time I report this one :stuck_out_tongue:, admittedly hidden by other reports on the same line.

```suggestion
type (for example ``xdp`` or ``tc``. See `the list of recognized types in the Go library
```

for optimal integration with CI and other tools.

Running tests
=============

To run the tests in your local environment:

.. code-block:: shell-session

    $ make -C test run_bpf_tests

The output is verbose by default. Verbose mode can be disabled by setting the ``V`` option to ``0```:

.. code-block:: shell-session

    $ make -C test run_bpf_tests V=0

.. note:: 

     Running BPF tests only works on Linux machines and requires admin privileges.

Writing tests
=============

All BPF tests live in the ``bpf/tests`` directory. All ``.c`` files in this directory are assumed to
contain BPF test programs which can be independently compiled, loaded, and executed using 
``BPF_PROG_RUN``. All files in this directory are automatically picked up, so all you have to do is 
create a new ``.c`` file and start writing. All other files like ``.h`` files are ignored and can be
used for sharing code for example.

Each ``.c`` file must at least have one ``CHECK`` program. The ``CHECK`` macro replaces the ``SEC`` which is
typically used in BPF programs. The ``CHECK`` macro takes two arguments, the first being the program

> type(for example ``xdp`` or ``tc``. `the list of recognized types in the Go library_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type (for example ``xdp`` or ``tc``. See `the list of recognized types in the Go library
```

<https://github.com/cilium/ebpf/blob/49ebb13083886fc350167f2cde067e094a2b5037/elf_reader.go#L1074>`__),
the second being the name of the test which will appear in the output. All macros are defined in 

> ``bpf/tests/common.h``, so all programs should start by including this file: ``#include "common.h"``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``bpf/tests/common.h``, so all programs should start by including this file: ``#include "common.h"``.
```

Each ``CHECK`` program should start with ``test_init()`` and end with ``test_finish()``, ``CHECK`` programs
will return implicitly with the result of the test, a user doesn't need to add ``return`` statements

> to the code manually. A test is will PASS if it reaches ``test_finish()``, unless it is marked as 
> failed(``test_fail()``, ``test_fail_now()``, ``test_fatal()``) or skipped(``test_skip()``, ``test_skip_now()``).

Reviewer: In prose, please use a space between the opening parenthesis.

```suggestion
to the code manually. A test will PASS if it reaches ``test_finish()``, unless it is marked as 
failed (``test_fail()``, ``test_fail_now()``, ``test_fatal()``) or skipped (``test_skip()``, ``test_skip_now()``).
```

The name of the function has no significance for the tests themselves. The function names are still

> used as indicators in the kernel(at least the first 15 chars), used to populate tail call maps, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used as indicators in the kernel (at least the first 15 chars), used to populate tail call maps, 
```

            if (hash != 2698615579)
                test_fatal("expected '2698615579' got '%lu'", hash);
        });

        TEST("Zero", {
            unsigned int hash = jhash_3words(0, 0, 0, 0);

            if (hash != 459859287)
                test_fatal("expected '459859287' got '%lu'", hash);
        });

        test_finish();
    }

Since all sub-tests are part of the same BPF program they are executed consecutively in one 
``BPF_PROG_RUN`` invocation and can share setup code which can improve run speed and reduce code duplication.
The name passed to the ``TEST`` macro for each sub-test serves to self-document the steps and makes it easier to spot what part of a test fails.

Integration tests
-----------------

Writing tests for a single function or small group of functions should be fairly straightforward, 
only requiring a ``CHECK`` program. Testing functionality across tail calls requires an additional step: 
given that the program does not return to the ``CHECK`` function after making a tail call, we can't check whether it was successful.
Since we will not return to the ``CHECK`` function after making a tail call, we can't check if it was

> successful.

Reviewer: Fix-up resulted in a (nearly) duplicate sentence.

.. warning::
    Functions that halt the execution (``test_fail_now()``, ``test_fatal()``, ``test_skip_now()``) can't be
    used within both a sub-test (``TEST``) and ``for``, ``while``, or ``switch/case`` blocks since they use the ``break`` keyword to stop a
    sub-test. These functions can still be used from within ``for``, ``while`` and ``switch/case`` blocks if no 
    sub-tests are used, because in that case the flow interruption happens via ``return``.

Function mocking
----------------

Being able to mock out a function is a great tool to have when creating tests for a number of 
reasons. You might for example want to test what happens if a specific function returns an error 
to see if it is handled gracefully. You might want to proxy function calls to record if the function
under test actually called specific dependencies. Or you might want to test code that uses helpers
which rely on a state we can't set in BPF, like the routing table.

Mocking is easy with this framework:

1. Create a function with a unique name and the same signature as the function it is replacing.

2. Create a macro with the exact same name as the function we want to replace and point it to the

>    function created in step 1. For example ``#define originl_function our_mocked_function```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   function created in step 1. For example ``#define original_function our_mocked_function```
```
